Adding how to add an author profile (#442)
ropensci/roweb3: README.md

If the person also authors blog post, also make sure the file under author/ uses the right title and img.

> ### Author

Reviewer: Now realizing this should actually be documented in https://blogguide.ropensci.org/authortemplate.html? Or both places? What do you think?

Reviewer: ok! this looks good to merge, thank you!

* Create a folder with the name of the author on content/author

> * Copy a pictuyre for the profile in themes/ropensci/static/img/community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copy a picture for the profile in themes/ropensci/static/img/community unless they have a GitHub profile with a picture, which will be used by default.
```
